Okay,
guys.
And welcome back there.
The next thing we're gonna have look at is a four next loop with a step.
Now,
we could just modify that code copy,
but I'm just gonna come down here,
enter a few times and pace it underneath.
But this time I'm going to call it loop for next.
Stepped just so you can see the difference when you when you download the file.
Okay,
The code is almost exactly the same.
But what we're going to do instead of movement through one through 10 you'll remember.
Here it went.
123456789 10.
We may want it to go up in steps off to so all we do after the 1 to 1 ever argument.
Is that the word step and then tell us how many steps to move my.
So now we're going to step through this and notice my counter currently is zero.
Because we have another the value to it.
And when I hit,
enter one.
This is our first it oration.
But notice what happens on the nest.
Next passed through.
We moved down a cell.
We come up to here and it's now worth three because we are moving up in steps off,
too.
So I'm just going to step through.
Now.
It's worth five.
No,
it's worth seven.
Now it's worth nine.
Andi End.
So if you ever need to step through in increments,
add step after your range argument there.
So for Mike enter,
he calls 1 to 10 in step to.
And that could be 345 27 418 or whatever number you need it to pay.
Okay,
so that's how you use a stepped for next loop on the next one we're gonna have a look at
and probably the last one will ever need is going to be the while Wend loop.
And as long as you have these three or four in your toolbox,
you'll be able to do anything that ever comes up in your programming career.
Okay,
I'll see you in the 2nd 1 will go through the wild wend loop